fix ACM-28521 (#8699)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: mce_acm_integration/acm_hosted_cluster/acm_discover_hosted.adoc

.Prerequisites

> * You need one or more {mce-short} clusters that are not yet managed by any {acm-short} cluster. You cannot install {mce-short} in a managed spoke cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You need one or more {mce-short} clusters that are not currently managed by any {acm-short} cluster. You cannot install {mce-short} in a managed cluster.
```
